In today's blog post I will be discussing the *relationship* with **artifical intelligence** and **humans** based on the animated movie `WALL-E`.

- In the movie the role of AI was to help the citizens with their demands so they wouldnt have to do it themselves forgetting the importance of independence. In addition, different robots help different tasks for example, WALL-E his specific tasks was to clean up trash. The robots interacted with humans as if their were *human themselves* not just as a emotionless robots some robots had that **sentient characteristic**. 
- 
- Towards the end of the movie the relationship between *Munity and the Pliot* wasnt really good since Munity only cared about carry out specific instructions and trying to stop the mission to go back to earth. However, the relationship between *Eve, WALL-E and the Pliot* has more of a emotional connection you can see that they care about each other and they have the **same goals** to repopulate on earth. The film shows the potential of human-AI bonds by showing how the robots were helping the humans go back to earth and with that help you can see how appreciative the humnas were for the help. 
- The movie envisions the future concerning AI by the overall advancements and the tasks they are able to perform. Some **drawbacks** I noticed was the *weight* of the citizens, I'm not if it was on purpose but since the robots did most of the work the people got *lazy* to perform simple task. Also they were also seated and never walked for themselves until the end of the movie, the pliot finally stood on his feet for the first time and you could tell it was **struggle** for him or it's probably been a long time since he stood for himself. The protrayal compares the today's trajectory of AI in society in terms of students using AI to *write assignments* showing how we are becoming **lazy** and using AI for *simple task.*